# dover_fs_hackathon24
Dover Fueling Systems Hackathon 2024 Repo

## Log Monitoring 
After talking with experts on Anthom, we realized they have mayor issues for tracking critical failures and alerting before a machine goes down and a technician has to go retrieve the logs and then understand what went wrong. For this Hackathon we decided to create a log monitor that identifies major issues, from expert knowledge, and triggers JIRA tickets to generate an alert and notify about a problem going with each system.

This project has a monitor logger that is constantly running in the Anthom machine that is constantly looking for these issues. Once an issue is found, this process captures surrounding logs and sends them over a cloud computing instance. This logic can be found under Log_Monitoring/SPM2_Log_Monitor. On the cloud computing side we read those alerts, and with an API JIRA connection we process those alerts, generate their tickets and even alert engineers based on the urgency of the error. The logic of this system can be found under Log_Monitoring/Clod_Log Monitor.


## Targeted Recommendation
For this Hackathon we decided to build a client specific product recommendation system that shows products from the convenience store in the Anthom screen.
The system works as a web app that reads user transactions based on a specific user id and shows tailored products. This project also manages the scenario when we don't have past data from a customer and still shows relevant products for the client

#### File Description
- Targeted Recommendation/DoverFueling_Anvil_Marketing.yaml: contains the Anvil application (https://anvil.works/) downloadable file to replicate and upload this to anvil. This is auto-generated by Anvil, but contains the code and page design.
- Targeted Recommendation/MarketBasquetAnalysis_AnvilMarketingRecomendations.ipynb: jupyter notebook with logic to generate calculations to select what products to present to the user. Class definition for Recommender that has methods to generate recommendations, this is an API basic definition to get the products.
- Targeted Recommendation/datasets.zip: zip file with 2 csv files that have the transactions and the products we used to mock for this project. These files represent the structure we used to present and manage information.
- Targeted Recommendation/dfs_anvil_mkt.py: Anvil python code, in a readable way. These presents the logic for the navigation and how we are showing each of the information on the website
